You mean?
Tang Yuqing designs projects with his own children
Gu Yiming, trust me
He really did it on purpose
Like father, like daughter.
Believe what you make me believe
Guo Yiming, believe me, I really didn't do it.
I really didn't do it to go further
Guo Yiming, trust me
Nini is so scared
Will you never be able to have children in the future?
Don't worry
The doctor said your body is recovering well
I'm not feeling well in two days, so our wedding
The wedding went ahead as scheduled
Li Ming is so nice to have you.
I beg you to tell Gu Yiming
I was really wronged
Miss Lin
Mr. Gu has not yet determined that you are the murderer
Just let us protect you for now.
Don't be afraid.
Good. I knew he still believed me.
Come with us.